[TASK] Fix description of additionalCanonicalizedUrlParameters (#5153)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Seo/CanonicalApi.rst

   EXT:seo. You can find information about how to install and use it in the
   :doc:`EXT:seo manual <ext_seo:Index>`.

.. _canonicalapi-additionalparameters:

> Including specific arguments from the generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Including specific arguments for the URL generation
```

> Including specific arguments for the URL generation
> ====================================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Including specific arguments for the URL generation
===================================================
```

TYPO3 will building a URI of the current page and append query strings
which are needed for the cHash calculation (vital arguments to uniquely identify

> the given content URI).

Author: ```suggestion
the given content URI). This is especially important with for example detail pages of records. The query parameters are crucial to show the right content.
```

> It is possible to additionally include specific arguments.

Reviewer: Let's add the "This is especially important with for example detail pages of records. The query parameters are crucial to show the right content." here for clarification.

> This is achieved by adding those arguments to a PHP variable:

Reviewer: Let's call this configuration, not "just" PHP variable.

> This is achieved by adding those arguments to a PHP variable:

Author: ```suggestion
This is achieved by adding those arguments to the configuration:
```

.. _canonicalapi-additionalparameters:

Including specific arguments for the URL generation

> ================================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Including specific arguments for the URL generation
====================================================
```
